hello welcome today we will prepare chicken tinga
these are the ingredients
three quarters of a kilo of chicken breast, three quarters of a kilo of onion
three quarters of a kilo of jitomates or ripe tomatoes, three cloves of garlic
Marinated five canned chipotle chilies
Pepper
and salt to taste
First, wash the breast and boil for 30 minutes in two liters of water,
a teaspoon of salt, a piece of onion, a clove of garlic
and optionally a sheet
laurel
expect it to cool, crumble the chicken, and reserved
we chop the onions in julienne or half moon
in a hot pan put 4 tablespoons oil
add the onion diced
and fry over medium heat until translucent
in a blender put the tomatoes, 2 cloves of garlic
a piece of onion
marinated chipotle peppers and grind
add it to the pan with minced onions
stir
cover and let simmer for five minutes over medium heat
uncover
add the chicken
season with pepper and a teaspoon of salt
stir all ingredients and rectify the salt
cook uncovered over medium heat
until all liquid evaporates
shut it off and let rest for 10 minutes
ready, it only remains to serve and enjoy our chicken tinga
Subscribe to advise them of our upcoming videos
follow us on facebook and twitter which also publish
see you soon
Thanks